{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14900\viewh10340\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The game is a hybrid of Minesweeper and Chess. In a 8x8 standard Chess board. You and the white side take turns to play. You, as a player can move,  recruit chess pieces, and use the pieces you have to capture.  The white side can recruit and capture. You start from the upper-left corner (0,0). The goal is to reach the lower-right corner (7,7) to save the black queen (your girl/boy friend) there. But the queen is guarded by 8 white pawns. At the beginning, you have no chess piece but 6 coins. The white side has 8 white pawns but no other active piece either.  \
\
There are 6 other chess pieces hidden in the rest of the board. 2 rooks, 2 bishops, and 2 knights. They are like mines in the Minesweeper. If you run into them, you will be pushed back, and they became white pieces controlled by the white side. If you mouse click them instead, you spend one coin. If there is a piece you collect the piece and use it later. If there is no piece, you collect nothing but lost a coin. \
\
The attack of rook/bishop/knight are the same as in the chess game. The pawn can attack the SW/NW/NE. You can choose the piece you have and attack white from your position. The chess pieces can not move by themselves unless either carried by you or attack other pieces. \
\
\
\
}